----------
1 PREAMBLE
----------

We are a break-away society of racially aware white men. We are an extralegal, sovereign entity. We have chosen to drop off of the grid and live outside of the authority of nation states as a law unto ourselves. By extension we have also chosen to break free of the globalist power structure. This includes the international power of academic, religious, political and corporate elites.

This national and international power structure is hereinafter referred to simply as the "System".

Independence from the System demands we provide for ourselves such things as we now rely upon the System to provide for us. We are thus committed to the task of developing our own parallel structures to those of the System. This includes but is not limited to banking, media, transportation, communication, shipping, agriculture, energy, medicine and technological development. Additionally we will constantly seek out new ways of exploiting System blind spots in order to use its infrastructure for our own purposes.

Our goal is unabashed self interest pursued outside the restrictions and laws of the System. We want self determination, power and material wealth. We will pursue our self interest in such manner as benefits WHITE society and at the same time undermines the System. We will do this by facilitating, through our various networks, other people's (read: other WHITE people's) ability to drop out with us. This will further deprive the System of white tax dollars and white labor.

Our modus operandi is decentralization, compartmentalization and anonymity.

--------------------
2 PERSONAL CHARACTER
--------------------

We hold that people who have no vices also have very few virtues. Unlike many racially aware circles our ideal is NOT a wholesome, chaste, clean-cut individual who doesn't smoke or curse or do anything else "degenerate". We are not looking for moral puritans. We are looking for people who are willing and able to live outside the System according to the goals outlined in the PREAMBLE. Our moral prohibitions are that you NOT be a piece of shit. This means anything in the area of pedophiles, rapists, killing innocent people and just generally being a nigger.

We develop our character through dangerous and sometimes subversive acts. Namely:

1. Random violence and acts of theft against the person and property of local gangs, criminals, violent refugees and the cuck apologists who defend them.

2. Extreme and dangerous sports as well as illegal thrill-seeking such as urban exploration.

3. Property destruction of corporations or any other institutions that we deem in our sole discretion to be working in favor of System interests and against WHITE interests.

Some of these acts are directly subversive in that they directly damage the System. But they are undertaken in the spirit of character development or "pathei-mathos". This turns them into a sustained effort of subversion, not just a few feverish jabs at the System before discouragement sets in.


------------------
3 SOCIAL STRUCTURE
------------------

Our online social structure is that of an informal network, connected via anonymous chat services and encrypted email. No particular website, social media group or other online platform is our official headquarters on the Internet. We will use various online platforms as needed and dispose of them once they outlive their usefulness. Whenever we happen to use a particular platform we stand ready to migrate to another one should we become the target of censorship, banning or infiltration. Online we will always remain unknown to one another except pseudonymously.

Our offline structure is the only place where we will personally know one another. We will form close-knit cells with local people who we personally trust. We will share skills, knowledge, energy and time to build a local power base and move off of the grid (aka drop out of the System).


--------------------
4 ECONOMIC STRUCTURE
--------------------

We will do our business with one another via every possible anonymous means. This will include cash, the best anonymous cryptocurrencies, prepaid cards, direct barter and our own private virtual currencies.

Such businesses as we create will span the white, grey and black market economies. They will include but are not limited to illicit darknet services and offline underground cottage industries. Some will serve only as a source of revenue (ie: illicit breweries) while others will serve our purposes more directly by replacing part of the System (ie: transporting/smuggling goods and circumventing the postal service).

Our white market activity, be it a nine to five job or a registered business, will serve as a bland public face so as not to draw attention to ourselves from taxation authorities or from any other facet of the System or from the general public. We will keep one foot in the white market world until such time as we have sufficient infrastructure to leave the System entirely.


--------------------
5 PHYSICAL STRUCTURE
--------------------

There have been two specific proposals thus far regarding our extact physical structure. The first has been to purchase land and erect a building to serve as our official headquarters. The second has been to purchase land for homesteading purposes, namely farming, though any sort of cottage industry that produces a livable wage would do just as well.

----------------------------
5.1 ON OFFICIAL HEADQUARTERS
----------------------------

The principles of our modus operandi must inform whatever physical structure our society takes in practice.

In this vein any sort of official headquarters, even a clandestine one, directly violates the principle of decentralization. It would be an enormous Achilles' heel. The risks of infiltration, subversion, instigation or betrayal far outweigh any possible benefits. The System holds the undisputed monopoly on centralized power and will work to undermine any independent power base. To confront it on that field would demand a level of fanatacism on par with the Church of Scientology.

We must utilize the negative space left over, the space of decentralized power and System blind spots. This means any "headquarters" such as there are would be localized, hosted in someone's home, attended by people who personally know each other and done under the guise of a weekend party. These localized cells would only speak to other cells via anonymous Internet channels and would never knowingly meet.

However we could create above-board, official groups for certain of our more innocuous activities and keep them compartmentalized from the rest of what we do. Homesteading Associations are one example. They can be an invaluable resource for networking, sharing experience and empowering people to become self-sufficient. We could start meetups, host events, rent out venues, even go as far as having our own official headquarters with dues-paying members. Or we could simply join pre-existing organizations and take advantage of the networking opportunities.

-------------------
5.2 ON HOMESTEADING
-------------------

As to homesteading itself, of purchasing land and living off of it in a self-sufficient manner, it is certainly an option for those with opportunity to do so. People growing their own food are providing for themselves rather than relying on the factory farms and GMO products of the System. They are taking back their independence. If in addition to this they start their own cottage industries such as farmers markets, again they are helping replace part of the globalist System by producing locally. Homesteading can definitely be a valid part of our agenda.

But there are two things to bear in mind about homesteading:

1. We are meant to be a society, not just a collection of self-sufficient individuals who live outside the System. This means we actively work together, actively do business with one another and are self sufficient as an integrated society. Some people might grow food, some people might build wind turbines, some people might deliver goods between other people, etc. We are a break away society, not break-away individuals. Not everyone is going to be a homesteader. One could just as easily live in a city and run a business on the darknet.

2. Self-sufficiency is not the end-all and be-all of what we're about. We want self-determination, power, wealth, to replace the apparatus of the system with our own in ALL areas, to work for the general welfare of white society, and be a pro-active thorn in the side of the System in ways already described under PERSONAL CHARACTER.


----------------------------------------
6. REPLACING THE APPARATUS OF THE SYSTEM
----------------------------------------

We cannot simply define a list of different parts of the System and then work to create our own parallel versions of each one individually. We need to leverage our efforts. We must prioritize particular goals which, once acheived, will make other goals possible. We must identify collaborative potential between seemingly separate goals so they reinforce one another. The order in which things are done is itself part of the strategy.

Furthermore, our goals must be arranged and approached in such a way that they are either profitable enough to lend themselves to free enterprise, socially interesting enough to lend themselves to volunteerism, or a synergy of both.

The following facets of the System are laid out in the manner best suited for their replication.

-----------------------
6.1 THE MONETARY SYSTEM
-----------------------

Our most crippling impediment to acheiving anything else is money. To be our own break-away society we must tackle this issue on a deeper level than just how to obtain money. We need to replace the monetary system with our own monetary system.

Under ECONOMIC STRUCTURE is listed some of the anonymous means of payment we will use amongst ourselves for doing business. None of these are perfect. Barter has its obvious limitations of course, but so do all the rest. Cash is beginning to be embedded with RFID chips or else eliminated altogether in favor of a cashless society. Anonymous prepaid cards can be eliminated on a whim by the System. Cryptocurrencies are extremely volatile. But finally is mentioned private virtual currencies.

We need our own private currency that we directly control. This means we issue it into circulation or remove it from circulation as needed to match our society's demand for a medium of exchange. As a private currency it will circulate only amongst ourselves as the life blood of our own private economy. It will never be siphoned off and go somewhere else like currency does under the globalist System.

The concept of community currencies predates the Internet and has a following all its own. These enthusiasts have already developed a range of software for managing virtual currencies(1). Thanks to them we have the ready-made tools for implementing our own monetary system(2).

A centrally controlled currency brings with it all the attendant risks for abuse that are inherent to centralized money systems. It might also sound like a direct violation of the modus operandi of decentralization as specified in this manifesto.

But two things to consider:

First, once such a currency became well-enough established amongst our members a market would emerge for facilitating its exchange into other kinds of money(3). If people lost confidence in how the currency was managed they would abandon it and exchange it for something else.

Second, we can have multiple virtual currencies maintained by multiple people. Currencies could be localized to certain regions or to specific areas of activity. They could be exchangeable with a universally accepted virtual currency that we all use, or with whatever type of money was decided upon between private individuals. This model would meet two of the three requirements of our modus operandi: decentralization and compartmentalization.

As to the third requirement of our modus operandi, anonymity, this will be an implicit guiding principle in how any virtual currency is implemented. ie: no personal information connected to any account at any point.

---------------------------------------
6.1.1 SPECIFIC FEATURES OF OUR CURRENCY
---------------------------------------

Our monetary system will be based on two fundamental ideas: currency must be backed by labor(4) and currency must depreciate in value over time.(5)

Labor-backed currency is issued into circulation to fund infrastructure and vital industries before continuing to circulate within a community. It is not created as an interest-bearing loan like Federal Reserve notes. It is also not backed by any physical commodity like gold or silver. It is backed by the labor and the fruits of labor that it can be exchanged for within a community. Labor-backed currency was part of the economic miracle that was National Socialist Germany(6).

Currency that depreciates compels people to spend it sooner rather than later. It keeps the currency circulating, prevents hoarding & speculation and encourages people to accumulate real tangible wealth instead of money. Such currency issued by the municipal government of Worgl, Austria during the Great Depression lifted the town out of unemployment and debt and made international headlines(7).

To implement a depreciating currency is just a matter of applying regular fees to an account.

To also implement it as a labor-backed currency depends more on the situation. Industries that are yet to get off the ground could be funded with newly minted currency. Vital infrastructure like roads and bridges would also be funded this way as they were in the case of Germany. However the answer to where WE need to start, with our hypothetical virtual currency that doesn't exist yet and would carry no value even if it did, is at rock bottom.

----------------------------------------
6.1.2 PROMOTING ADOPTION OF OUR CURRENCY
----------------------------------------

With governmental power one would simply decree a currency by fiat. With a war chest of precious metals one could create a commodity-backed currency(8). With a sophisticated social networking platform and a userbase the size of a small nation state one could implement a virtual currency that would be valued as real money(9).

We don't have any of these options. We have an informal transient network of trolls, Internet Nazis, NEETs, geeks and various disaffected angry men. We somehow need to create a virtual currency out of nothing, worth nothing, then lift it up by its own bootstraps and turn it into a viable monetary system that large numbers of people would trust and use.

---------
FOOTNOTES
---------

1. Just a few examples: http://www.time-bank.info/, https://www.drupal.org/project/mutual_credit, https://classic.ripplepay.com/, https://opencoin.org/library, https://blog.opensourcecurrency.org/, https://wiki.p2pfoundation.net/Complementary_Currency_Software

2. Given the egalitarian worldviews of many of these "community currency" proponents, we are probably not the userbase they had in mind. But oh well.

3. There is already precedent for this. Third party exchanges already exist for people to trade their MMORPG virtual currencies for bitcoins. There is no reason to doubt this would also happen with virtual currencies outside the gaming world. Non-game virtual currencies are rare as of yet, but one example is motherless.com. This adult video sharing site awards credits to members for uploading content. Members can freely trade credits with other members by "tipping" them. In this case motherless.com facilitates currency exchanges by letting members trade in their credits for cash. Should social media currencies like this become more popular they will no doubt be traded on third-party exchanges just like their gaming counterparts are.

4. Local Currency Backed By Local Labor -- Robert W Copple (pdf included)

5. The Natural Economic Order - Part IV - Free Money, Or Money As It Should Be -- Silvio Gesell (pdf included)

6. Which Way Western Man - Chapter 19 - Part C - Section 11 -- William Gayley Simpson (pdf included)

7. The Experiment in Worgl -- Fritz Shwarz (pdf included)

8. ie: aurumcoin.com or the now-defunct e-gold.com (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/E-gold)

9. China's Virtual Currency Threatens the Yuan (pdf included), Economy of Second Life (pdf included)
